# PlanetTeam

Nowadays, teenagers lack the enthusiasm to explore science and discover the unknown. Most of them find science-related books and articles disengaging and “too hard” to focus on. We, the Miterra team, decided to change that. We created a game for teenagers 10 and above, which will be used to inform, actively educate, inspire to achieve more while entertaining at the same time. In the game, the story settles in the year of 8000 A.C. (After Catastrophe). In the event Catastrophe multiple planets were destroyed in the galaxy. Now, the Intergalactic Space Force team travels around the galaxy to save planets that were destroyed centuries ago. The player needs help to save the planets and restore life on them! The gamer will have a chance to join the group of scientists of NASA to tackle various problems on each planet to save the galaxy from further extermination.

We’ve taken scenarios of ways a planet can be destroyed, from natural causes to human activity, using data from NASA, to write a story that our users can play through to gain better understanding of the challenges that we face on planet Earth today and in our future. We invite you to join our Intergalactic Task Force to find and save planets with sci-fi technology. You will travel through different levels and different planets with different problems to make them habitable. You will have face planets that have been devastated by a nuclear meltdown, taken over by harmful algal blossoms, and suffocated by methane. We take you through sci-fi futuristic solutions that will eventually lead back to Earth 2030 (Which is the year the IPCC reported to the UN that if we don't change our habits to save our planet, the damage will be irreversible), when the planet is found to be in crisis mode. Will you be able to save your home planet from climate change?